Excellent.
We now know how to implement basic age the amount document structure our live server is working correctly
and we are good to go and start actually working more with a Schimmel meaning learning more HDMI element.
However before we do that let me quickly show you two very important things that are going to come very
beneficial as well going to be working with HDMI elements.
Now first of all I would like to talk about the word wrap.
As you notice since we have the paragraph and it's quite a long and let's say if I'm going to be adding
more here exclamation marks and I'm gonna say with everything isn't going to be displayed nicely in
the page.
However notice what happens with our actual text.
So now I need to start scrolling left and right and you can say well you can always do mark right.
So I can keep zooming out.
However what if we're gonna be adding more text here.
That's not gonna make sense because then basically we're going to have to make it really small.
And first of all I've heard of the tutorial and it's gonna be very hard for you to see as well as in
general whenever you're going to be working.
This is not going to make sense.
So what would be the solution.
Well again we're going to have to go back to the settings.
I'm going to click on a cog and then we'll look for the setting of the word wrap.
So let me find this and then you're going to have this control how lines should wrap.
And here in this case we just need to say that this would be OK.
So instead of off that was there before most are going to go off or on.
Now what's gonna happen again.
This is going to auto save right away and we can just see that in a text that are right now.
This is gonna wrap the line.
And again this will you make your life easier because you will not going to have to scroll left and
right as well as zoom out.
So now whenever you're going to have a longer line this is just going to wrap into a new line now.
Next I would like to talk about Emmett.
No one in the world is them.
You see Emmett is something that speeds up your rage the amount workflow.
Now if you're using different texture you can still access them.
However in the Visual Studio code it is built in.
Now again if you would like to have a little bit more information about Emmett you can head over again
in the Google and just type Emmett and you'll see that this is essential tool for window shop where
we can quickly write bunch of code.
Now there's tons of things about Emmett.
And again I wouldn't want to spend a lot of time on that.
However in our most basic example what's gonna happen is that every time I would like to create a page
the email element I don't have to start by the angle bracket.
I can just say whatever element I would like to render.
So let's say I'm looking again for heading one note is the moment I'm just gonna type each one and the
same is gonna be for you.
We're gonna have a suggestion and as you can see it says clearly Emmett abbreviation.
So what happens is if let's say I would like to have having one writing to or heading six.
I can just type and Mike H and then we can choose whatever heading we would like.
The same would work if I want a paragraph again I just need to type whatever name of the element or
let's say not the name of the element but starting letter of the arm and Emmett is gonna do the rest.
Now if I would like to render that element I would have to press tab or return and basically the entropy.
So once you press it notice right now I have my own.
Now again this is just the most basic thing that we can do with them and later on throughout the course
obviously we're going to expand our knowledge regarding M and not just on a very basic level.
This is going to save us from again typing and typing and typing unnecessary email where we can just
look or whatever element we would like and right away it's going to be random.
So let's say here I'm gonna say this is an eight paragraph meaning paragraph like with just to be noticed
if I'm going to say this.
Sure enough I'm gonna have an hour sleep I didn't save it first.
So now once I save it notice I'll have this is M paragraph so all this is very cool again if you like
to find out more information you can just head over to this and I go and if you're using different text
or you should be able to install it as an extension.
However with Visual Studio code it comes in pre-built.
Now last but not least all this work that we did we could have done it actually with an element.
So let me delete this.
And once you're gonna have an exclamation mark.
So I'm gonna press shift an exclamation mark and I this again this is gonna give me Emmet and privation
and the moment we press center.
Notice what happens.
So now we're getting the preparation email structure that we worked on in the last video.
So this pretty much saves this time where we don't have to retype this and again please don't focus
on these mad attacks we we're gonna talk about them once we already have sufficient knowledge of the
email.
There is no point right now to fill your head with this information as well as this language.
Again what we need to focus right now is the fact of the title that's sitting within the head element
as well as all the work that we're going to do in the body element.
So let me close maybe this summit for now as you can see right now this is still saying Hello my name
is John but once we're going to save this I don't know proper structure let's call there's this one
structure structure as you can see my typing is just awesome and we're all gonna have just a simple
hiding one with the title of the page being a document.